README.md, before:

# Awesome Yii 2 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
> Curated list of resources: books, videos, articles and tutorials about using Yii 2 (Yii is a high-performance component-based PHP framework.)

## Table Of Contents
- [Essentials](#essentials)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Packages and Libraries](#packages-and-libraries)
- [Made With Yii 2](#made-with-yii-2)
- [Books](#books)
- [Community](#community)
- [Forum](#forum)
- [Social Networks](#social-networks)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Essentials
* [Yii 2 Homepage](http://www.yiiframework.com/)
* [Installation](http://www.yiiframework.com/download/)
* [Documentation](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc-2.0/index.html)
* [Guide](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc-2.0/guide-index.html)
* [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2)

## Tutorials
* [How to Program With Yii2: Getting Started](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-program-with-yii2-getting-started--cms-22440)
* [Yii 2 PAjax Tutorial](http://blog.neattutorials.com/yii2-pjax-tutorial/)
* [How to Program With Yii2: Using the Advanced Application Template](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-program-with-yii2-using-the-advanced-application-template--cms-24994)
* [Yii 2 Tutorials](http://www.learnyii2.com/)
* [Yii 2 Cookbook](https://yii2-cookbook.readthedocs.io/README/)

## Videos
* [Learning Yii 2](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-yii-2-video)
* [Mastering Yii 2](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-yii-2-video)

## Packages and Libraries
* [Extensions](http://www.yiiframework.com/extensions/?tag=yii2) - Extensions published to [http://www.yiiframework.com/](http://www.yiiframework.com/)
* [Krajee Yii Extensions](http://demos.krajee.com/) - A collection of extensions & modules for Yii 2.0 framework
* [Yii2 Dashboard](https://cornernote.github.io/yii2-dashboard/) - Create and manage dashboards using custom layouts and panels.
* [http://foundationize.com/](http://foundationize.com/) - Yii2 with Foundation 6
* [Phundament 4](http://phundament.com/) - Dockerized PHP Application Template for Yii 2.0
* [Yii 2 jsTree Component](http://yiidreamteam.com/yii2/jstree) 

## Made With Yii 2
* [HumHub](https://www.humhub.org/en) - The flexible Open Source Social Network Kit
* [Zurmo](http://zurmo.org/) - Open Source Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
* [Stay](http://www.stay.com/) - Travel recommendations by qualified locals
* [Piclyf](http://piclyf.com/) - Bring your profile pic to life
* [dotPlant](http://dotplant.ru/)

## Books
* [Yii 2 For Begineers by Bill Keck](https://leanpub.com/yii2forbeginners)
* [Web Application Development with Yii 2 and PHP by Mark Safronov, Jeffrey Winesett](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/web-application-development-yii-2-and-php)
* [Mastering Yii by Charles R. Portwood II](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-yii)
* [Yii2 by Example by Fabrizio Caldarelli](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/yii2-example)
* [Learning Yii Testing by Matteo Pescarin](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-yii-testing)

## Community
* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/yii2)

## Forum
* [Yii 2 Forum](http://www.yiiframework.com/forum/index.php/forum/4-yii-20/)

## Social Networks
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/1483367/profile)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/yiiframework)

## Contributing
Found an awesome package, article, blog, video, tutorial etc.? Send me a pull request! Just follow the guidelines

#### Guidelines

* Make sure what you are adding is not already on the list
* Make a separate pull request for each addition
* Use the format: `* [Name](Link) - Description if needed`
* Add it to the bottom of the section, not top or middle
* Check your spelling and grammar
* Feel free to create or improve a category
* Make sure there is no trailing whitespace
* Last, Make sure it is awesome!

**You can reach out to me on twitter [@goke_epapa](http://twitter.com/goke_epapa).**

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This work (Awesome Yii 2) is free of known copyright restrictions.

Commit message:

Add credits and link to contribution guidelines

README.md, after:

# Awesome Yii 2 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
> Curated list of resources: books, videos, articles and tutorials about using Yii 2 (Yii is a high-performance component-based PHP framework.)

> *Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.*

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](#guidelines) before contributing.*

## Table Of Contents
- [Essentials](#essentials)
- [Tutorials](#tutorials)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Packages and Libraries](#packages-and-libraries)
- [Made With Yii 2](#made-with-yii-2)
- [Books](#books)
- [Community](#community)
- [Forum](#forum)
- [Social Networks](#social-networks)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Essentials
* [Yii 2 Homepage](http://www.yiiframework.com/)
* [Installation](http://www.yiiframework.com/download/)
* [Documentation](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc-2.0/index.html)
* [Guide](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc-2.0/guide-index.html)
* [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2)

## Tutorials
* [How to Program With Yii2: Getting Started](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-program-with-yii2-getting-started--cms-22440)
* [Yii 2 PAjax Tutorial](http://blog.neattutorials.com/yii2-pjax-tutorial/)
* [How to Program With Yii2: Using the Advanced Application Template](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-program-with-yii2-using-the-advanced-application-template--cms-24994)
* [Yii 2 Tutorials](http://www.learnyii2.com/)
* [Yii 2 Cookbook](https://yii2-cookbook.readthedocs.io/README/)

## Videos
* [Learning Yii 2](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-yii-2-video)
* [Mastering Yii 2](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-yii-2-video)

## Packages and Libraries
* [Extensions](http://www.yiiframework.com/extensions/?tag=yii2) - Extensions published to [http://www.yiiframework.com/](http://www.yiiframework.com/)
* [Krajee Yii Extensions](http://demos.krajee.com/) - A collection of extensions & modules for Yii 2.0 framework
* [Yii2 Dashboard](https://cornernote.github.io/yii2-dashboard/) - Create and manage dashboards using custom layouts and panels.
* [http://foundationize.com/](http://foundationize.com/) - Yii2 with Foundation 6
* [Phundament 4](http://phundament.com/) - Dockerized PHP Application Template for Yii 2.0
* [Yii 2 jsTree Component](http://yiidreamteam.com/yii2/jstree) 

## Made With Yii 2
* [HumHub](https://www.humhub.org/en) - The flexible Open Source Social Network Kit
* [Zurmo](http://zurmo.org/) - Open Source Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
* [Stay](http://www.stay.com/) - Travel recommendations by qualified locals
* [Piclyf](http://piclyf.com/) - Bring your profile pic to life
* [dotPlant](http://dotplant.ru/)

## Books
* [Yii 2 For Begineers by Bill Keck](https://leanpub.com/yii2forbeginners)
* [Web Application Development with Yii 2 and PHP by Mark Safronov, Jeffrey Winesett](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/web-application-development-yii-2-and-php)
* [Mastering Yii by Charles R. Portwood II](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-yii)
* [Yii2 by Example by Fabrizio Caldarelli](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/yii2-example)
* [Learning Yii Testing by Matteo Pescarin](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-yii-testing)

## Community
* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/yii2)

## Forum
* [Yii 2 Forum](http://www.yiiframework.com/forum/index.php/forum/4-yii-20/)

## Social Networks
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/1483367/profile)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/yiiframework)

## Contributing
Found an awesome package, article, blog, video, tutorial etc.? Send me a pull request! Just follow the guidelines

#### Guidelines

* Make sure what you are adding is not already on the list
* Make a separate pull request for each addition
* Use the format: `* [Name](Link) - Description if needed`
* Add it to the bottom of the section, not top or middle
* Check your spelling and grammar
* Feel free to create or improve a category
* Make sure there is no trailing whitespace
* Last, Make sure it is awesome!

**You can reach out to me on twitter [@goke_epapa](http://twitter.com/goke_epapa).**

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

This work (Awesome Yii 2) is free of known copyright restrictions.
